---
layout: post
title: "Ill"
author: "Non-Zero Day"
tags: "Health"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
<span style="background-color: yellow;font-weight: bold;">@4:21 P.M.</span><br />
I must have wore down my system, as I became ill. I probably could have still posted, but my <!--more-->thoughts were not clear. I felt like just sleeping. Did not have much enery. My mind knows best when I am ill in what my body needs. I feel much better today, and I am back on the horse, per say. 😅

I have been watching many e-ink table videos and reading many reviews. I am deciding between the Supernote Mantra (SM) and the reMarkable Paper Pro (RPP). The SM is module and the RPP is not. The RPP has color and backlight and the SM does not. The price is higher on RPP, closed environment, not expandable. I belive I am going with SM. Making the purchase now.

I just completed my purchase!<br /><br />
Order summary<br />
Supernote Manta: $505.00<br />
Half Folio for Supernote Manta - Light Grey: $65.00<br />
Push-Up Standard Pen - Ivory White: $65.00<br />
Tax: $64.59<br />
<strong>Total: $699.59</strong><br />
<br /><br />
I hope that the purchase of this product will make me more productive and I will get my ROI.
<br /><br />
If I would have gone with the RPP, the item would have close close to $900.00.<br />
reMarkable Paper Pro: $679<br />
Marker Plus: Included<br />
Book Folio - Premium leather - Brown: $179<br />
Total discount: $59<br />
Express shipping to United States: Included<br />
Taxes and duties to United States: $82.71<br />
<strong>Total: $881.71</strong><br /><br />

I hold me of today responsible for this purchase, and hold the me of tomorrow responsible to make this purchase, this tool, valuable.
<br /><br />
<span style="background-color: yellow;font-weight: bold;">@10:11 P.M.</span><br />
I was watching a few YouTube videos on the Manta and one video showed the price from six months ago. As far as I can tell, the prices went up by ten percent per item.<br />
Supernote A5 X2 Manta: $459.00 (Now (10-19-2025) $505.00) = Difference: $46.00<br />
Push-up Standard Pen: $59.00 (Now (10-19-2025) $65.00) = Difference: $6.00<br />
Half Folio Manta: $59.00 (Now (10-19-2025) $65.00) = Difference: $6.00<br />
Tax: $58.69<br />
<strong>Total: $635.69</strong>

A differenct of $63.90.


End transmission...




