---
layout: post
title: "Smart"
published: false
author: "Non-Zero Day"
tags: "Life Lesson"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
<span style="background-color: yellow;font-weight: bold;">@7:06 P.M.</span><br />
As I write my journal on the Supernote Manta, and the more I used the Manta, I realized one thing, that I would have never <!--more-->bought this if I knew the downside of a dark e-ink background with no backlight! I believe I made my decision from all the paid actors that stated this was the best device for writing. I am now <strong>SMARTER</strong> to never rely on the social media when making a determination when purchasing a device that I would be using for a very long time.  I just hope, that I will be able to export my journals to another device that I see fit for journalling in the future.

The lack of any type of backlight, when I write and the room light is behind me, my shadow darkens the screen further and makes writing on the device almost too difficult to write. I would return this device, but Supernote makes the buyer pay for shipping, so I would not get my full refund back. I guess I will have to do with this product until I get a better one.  Lesson learned, if a manufacturer does not provide one hundred percent money-back guarantee, that means they are not one hundred percent backing their own product and expect buyers to return. To avoid the return, charge the buyer the shipping cost, or restocking fee, to make the buyer not return the product, knowing that the buyer will lose money on the return. Just one way to know if a product is subpar.

Apple offers one hundred percent return policy within their 14-day trial period. What does that tell you about their product? That, more than likely than not, the buyer keeps their product past the trial period.

One other thing that is weird with Manta, when I am writing and want to do a loop erase of a word(s) that is close to the edge, I have to switch hands with my writing instrument, place the two finger on the opposite side of the screen to make the circle for the erasing work. Else, the circle draws a "normal" circle. Very annoying! Discovering the little things as I go.

Would I have purchased this for the $700 I paid for this device? NO! More than likely, anyone online making a video about how fantastic the Supernote Manta is, is probably getting a kickback.

Only cost me $700 for a lifetime education. Smart!

End Transmission...
