---
layout: post
title: "Time"
author: "Non-Zero Day"
tags: "Habit"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
<span style="background-color: yellow;font-weight: bold;">@11:26 P.M.</span><br />
I did everything today, everything that I should have not<!--more--> done. I really believe that I struggle in completing things that I want to get done, simply because that is the habit that I have created. I have a habit to not do what should be done, and every time I would like to do the things that should be done, I fight myself in not doing them. Furthermore, I noticed/discovered this today, since I have been writing more in my Manta, I started to write when and why I do things. I noticed that I fight myself in doing what needs to be done. There is a difference in doing something that is required, and I have no choice, like taking out the garbage can for the garbage truck to pick up, than studying, where I do have a choice. The choice to succeed in my studies is not as critical as the things that are required, and not in urgent attention in completing. But my studies are important, for my goals and ambitions, because if I do not do them, then I am stuck. Now that I know what I do not know, I must reverse my thinking and my habits to meet what I want and in the direction my life will go.

1. Share my time with the ones I love.
2. Exercise to live a better life.
3. Study the subjects I want to be proficient in.

I have only so much time, eighty-six thousand four hundred seconds per day, that is all. What I do within those seconds determine my thought process, the direction of my life, the loops (habits) I create. Most seconds I am on autopilot. I snack on the wrong food, and waste my time on the wrong things. I have to change that and I have seven hundred and eighty-seconds left before a new eighty-six thousand four hundred seconds begins. Me, let us change tomorrow. Let's begin fresh and not make the same mistakes we did today. Let's set our direction for success. Pay attention were our seconds go.

Each of the three things I want are related to the other for me to have a life worth living. I want to be taking my last breath and thinking, "I did more than OK. I was able to change the course of my life in the direction I wanted to go. I was able to provide what I more than wanted to provide for my family and loved ones."

Me, the time has come for change. Let's do this! 

End Transmission...
