---
layout: post
title: "Continue"
author: "Non-Zero Day"
tags: "Start"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

The original theme that I was using was very limited, at which point I found out, only displayed <!--more-->one post per day. Although I posted a couple, only the oldest would display for that day. Good I found out early! 😂

I have learned a lot since I started doing <stong>non-zero day</strong>. I view time more valuable and see time as finite. I never view my time that way before. Now that I try to squeeze everything that I can in one say, I seem to have so much more leftover to do and have to wait for the next day.  I am still working on sleeping at 10:00 P.M. One of my to dos, is to sleep more hours, as based on studies that I have read, listened to, uninterrupted sleep is required for a healthy life.  I have been sleeping three to four hours for most of my life, and at times even less. <strong>But</strong>, did I use all the waking time wisely?  I would say eighty-five percent of the time I wasted doing non-essential things, like watching shows that did not improve my life.  Knowing what I know now, and I had all that time and optimized those days that I wasted, I truly believe I would have a much more different life, <strong>IF</strong> I implemented then what I am implementing now.

In closing I would just like to provide a two quotes:

<blockquote>"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." -Zig Ziglar 1985</blockquote>
 
<blockquote>"A year from now you may wish you had started today." -Karen Lamb</blockquote>
